fix(docs-refactor): changed order for web3wallet (#858)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3wallet/wallet-usage.mdx

}
```

> #### Track Sessions

Reviewer: this part is not visible in the docs for some reason

Author: <img width="911" alt="image" src="https://github.com/WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs/assets/26746725/baa8ca1a-9d88-46aa-8ef2-d282a50765ea">
Its under session approval > ios

</PlatformTabs>

### Session Disconnect

<PlatformTabs groupId="w3w" activeOptions={["web","ios","android","flutter"]}>

<PlatformTabItem value="web">

> If either the dapp or the wallet decides to disconnect the session, the `session_delete` event will be emitted. The wallet should listen for this event in order to update the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When either the dapp or the wallet disconnects a session, a `session_delete` event will be emitted. It's important to subscribe to this event so you could sync your state when the peer disconnects from a session.
```

> To disconnect a session from the wallet, call the `disconnectSession` function and pass in the `topic` and `reason`. You can use the `getSDKError` function, which is available in the `@walletconnect/utils` [library](https://github.com/WalletConnect/walletconnect-monorepo/tree/v2.0/packages/utils).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initiate a session disconnect, call the `disconnectSession` function and pass in the `topic` and `reason`. You can use the `getSDKError` function, which is available in the `@walletconnect/utils` [library](https://github.com/WalletConnect/walletconnect-monorepo/tree/v2.0/packages/utils).
```
